# edubuk_blockchain_solution

# Stakeholders to be Involved as Participants on the Blockchain:

1.) Universities & Schools: This stakeholder should be verified with its own private key and is capable to Issue Certificates & Verify Certificates as well. Certificates should be signed digitally using cryptography and should link with the hash of the university/school to authenticate it.

2.) Students: College or School Students should be on the blockchain as well and they will be recipient of the certificates & Marks-sheets. With the additional power of requesting the chain to remove a particular certificate if not desired by the student. Student should have their own profiles in a database linked to the blockchain with hashes. Also, the student's once he requests to remove or disown a certificate on his name, he should be allowed to do that and his previous profile block should change (after approval) and the new/updated profile block (with the use of updated hash) should come on the blockchain with student's updated details.

3.) Regulatory Authorities: AICTE, UGC, MHRD, CBSE, ICSE, ICGSE, State Government Education Boards should be a part of the chain (and these can be added at different points in time as well, in future). But keep a procedure to add them and they should also be capable to issue Certificates to Universities to approve them (the License for colleges & Universities to operate are issued by these AICTE, UGC). This is a very important and innovative use case to have these "governing bodies" on the blockchain as well.  Certificates that these bodies issue to schools (affiliation with CBSE or ICSE)/universities (Affiliation with Osmania or Central Government University or AICTE or Open Board etc.) should be signed digitally using cryptography and should link with the hash of the "relevant governing body" to authenticate it.

4.) Employers: Employers should be a part of the blockchain too. They should be able to verify the credentials (certificates, marksheets) etc of the students or professionals and their professional work experience as well. Once one employer certifies and signs cryptographically (using a private key & hash etc) that any person has been employed with them for this time to this time, then that information should be stored in the database linked to the blockchain and then any other employer should be able to see & use that information too. Basically using the student's profile or professional's profile created on the blockchain (linked via the database), it will kind of create a CV (digital CV on the blockchain) and any employer who is a part of the network should be able to verify the CV & the 

5.) 3rd Party Verification Bodies: 3rd Party Verification bodies are the service providers who verify the claims of the professionals on the CV that they give to the employers. Employers pay a fees to these 3rd party verification bodies to verify the authenticity the claims made by the professionals/employees on their CVs. These should also be involved in the blockchain and they can then digitally verify the credentials of the employees/professionals on the blockchain.
